{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 Attended with my sister and Brittany
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf0 I was a very online teenager in the early 2000s which has shaped many of my interests over my life. Then I was around 14, I discovered Japanese music, and specifically j-rock, through web forums.  One of my favorite bands was (and still is) Dir en grey. The band was formed in 1997 and is still together, having just released their 12th album in April of 2026. I hardly dreamed while living in Puerto Rico that I\'92d ever get to see them live. \
\
I was in college in Savannah, GA when the band began to expand to international markets and did their first headlining tour in the US with a stop in Atlanta. My sister and I went to the show along with our friend Brittany (who we\'92d met in one of our online forums years before). This was my first concert where I stood in the pit and I was not ready for the crush of being pushed in all directions at once.\
\
This concert made all three of us lifelong fans of the band and was only the first of many we attended together. }